[Autogenerated] all right, that is going to wrap up this course.
First of all,
I want to say thank you for staying the course with me
and making it all the way through.
Let's summarize some key takeaways from the course at large.
One of the things that we saw is when you create
multiple instances oven A W s provider.
There's two primary reasons to do that.
One is because you're dealing with multiple accounts and the other
is because you're dealing with multiple regions,
so I hope I hammer that point home pretty well.
The other thing we saw about the provider is there's many
different ways to authenticate to the provider.
You can use profiles that are in your credentials file.
You can use instantiate profiles that are associated with the E C
two instantiate or container running in A W S.
Or you can just use straight up access keys and secret keys stored.
An environment variables.
There's a lot of options there.
We also saw how you could store state remotely in S3 and dynamodb
and how that's really the general recommendation.
Once you get beyond doing some simple development things with terra form,
get that state off of your local Docker and into something remote.
And then finally, we use source control, too.
Store are configurations and we used automation through CodeBuild and
code pipeline to deploy what was in source control.
Source control is awesome.
I use it every time I set up a new project.
I highly recommend that you open up a GitHub account if you
don't really have one and do the same.
And I think code pipeline and CodeBuild are really useful tools in the AWS
code family for automating your infrastructure deployments.
Now, if you're wondering what's next,
what should you get started with beyond this course?
Well, I have a couple of recommendations here.
The first is to look at the other resources that are available through
the AWS provider and just tinker around with them,
find something that interests you and figure out how to
deploy the best way to learn terra form.
And working with Terra forming a W S is to just do it to mess around,
break things and then try again.
Try not to cost yourself too much money, but otherwise have fun.
It's absolutely worth it.
Thea.
Other thing that I would highly recommend is there's now a ______ form
certified associate certification available from Hashish Corp.
There's a study guide associated with it.
If you've gotten through this course successfully,
you're probably at the point where you're ready to get Terra form certified.
So go out and get that certification once again.
Thank you so much for watching the course and spending the time with me.
I value your feedback.
Hit me up in the discussions or on Twitter.
I'm Ned 13 13 and let me know how you did with the course. Thanks, everybody.